What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Directory called .git is created. It will store metadata about commits
	and changes to the files in repo.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area contains only the files we would like to commit to a 
	repository. That means we don't have to include all the files 
	available in working directory, only those which we would like to make a 
	part of next commit. These files are not yet commited, so they are not yet
	part of the repository. Thanks to those characteristics, we can choose
	which files should become a part of new commit and which ones can be added
	sometime in the future. Also we can wait until we have all logicaly 
	coherent files ready to commit and store in staging area only some files, 
	having possibility to add more before sending a commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	Before you add new updates/files to repository, you add them to a 
	staging area. That means you can first choose which files will be added in 
	new commit and gather all the files that contain only one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches help you try out help you new features or some code updates on the 
	side of main code, not changing the original (master) branch. You can then
	drop the changes or merge them with main branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	One project can contain many branches with various commits and also all 
	could be started from different commit. Diagrams can help you see all of 
	those relations between the commits, showing parent-child relationships and
	main branch nodes. 

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
